# Getting Started

Postgres Deployment Scripts are an easy way to deploy PostgreSQL, EDB Postgres
Advanced Server, and EDB Tools. The deployment scripts use Ansible, Terraform,
and Python to deploy PostgreSQL, EDBPostgres Advanced Server and tools for high
availability, management and monitoring, and backup and recovery.

The deployment scripts are open source tools and are not officially supported
by EDB Support. They are maintained and supported by the GitHub members of this
repository. Please provide feedback by posting issues and providing pull
requests.

Before starting to delve into this repository, it is best to get familiar with
the steps in the deployment process of a specific cloud (AWS, Azure and Google
Cloud).


# Pre-Requisites

Postgres Deployment Scripts are dependent on following components. Install the
following components before using the Postgres Deployment Scripts.

1. **Latest vendor** Cloud CLI or SDK ( AWS, Azure or Google Cloud )

   Depending on the cloud provider, install the **latest version** for: AWS
   CLI, Azure CLI or Google Cloud SDK on the system.

2. Python
3. Terraform >= 0.13
4. Ansible >= 2.9

# Installation

FIXME

# Usage

FIXME

# How to Use

FIXME

# License

Original work Copyright 2019-2020, EnterpriseDB Corporation

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of EnterpriseDB nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE.
